you've also been helping Trump get
elected why is he the right president at
this tumultuous moment why him well look
I endorsed him wholeheartedly after I
left the race I ran for president
against him right for the entirety of
last year but having been clear at the
end of the Iowa caucus I got about 8% of
the vote I was going to get about 8% in
New Hampshire it was critical in my view
that we had a decisive outcome coming
out of New Hampshire where that primary
didn't get pronged longer than it needed
to be so I wanted to throw my 8% small
though that was in absolute numbers in
Trump's direction to be able to really
deliver a decisive end and you know I'm
grateful learned a million things
through the process I could tell you
about my own journey of running for
president but the reason I endorse Trump
is is a really clear reason is you have
a rare opportunity in American history
to put someone back in the job who
delivered results in the time that he
was there you don't have to make this
philosophical you could say you got four
years of trump you got years of Biden
here you have a guy who forget all the
talk that a presidential candidate might
offer of what they're going to do he
kept us out of War he grew the economy
and I think he did start to rebuild that
sense of American Pride that were now
lacking and have gone back to lacking in
this country so yes do I want to stay
out of Wars do I want to grow this
economy do I want to fix the immigration
problem in this country which is
something that I'm particularly
passionate about and Revive Our sense of
identity and pride I do think that he's
going to be the best person
to deliver that and my job as a not only
former presidential candidate now but as
a citizen is to do everything I can to
make a sacrifice needed to put the best
person I possibly can in that job and to
do my part to do it so that's why I've
been also spending a lot of my time
doing what we can to make sure that not
only is Donald Trump elected but the
people who are going to be able to
implement that Vision into reality
through Congressional races in the
Senate even at the state level this Has
Done Right a lot of these policies
shouldn't be driven by the federal
government but should be driven by state
and local governments which is why I'm
endorsing state and local candidates
across this country as well to drive
that change that's part of me doing what
I would ask everybody else to do which
is look yourself in the mirror ask
yourself how you're going to use your
own skill set and your own capabilities
and what this country's given you to
save this country and for me some of
that's going to come through the private
sector and some of that is going to come
through politics and for the rest of
this year
pedal to the medal on
both there's one thing with the Trump
candidacy even if people are able to all
universally they won't of course but
even if they did all universally step
back and say I was better under Trump
than I am under Biden they're there is a
there's something about the way people
respond to him that creates this hyper
division to a point where the division
itself becomes worthy of um trepid ation
and so while I get it he's his own man
and he's not necessarily going to listen
to you but if he were like how would you
help him
metabolize the need to reach people that
right now legitimately believe hey you
are a threat to democracy you just
absolutely cannot be brought into this
tent like how do
we how do we find a way to lower his
divisiveness so here's how I look at it
naal Unity is a worthy goal to say the
least and I I've gotten to know Donald
Trump both over the last several years
but particularly over the last four to
five
months I know that he cares deeply about
National unity and so my advice to him
would be just to tell people that I know
you care about uniting this country say
so let people know what's actually in
your heart he wants America First is a
vision that actually goes beyond
traditional Republican versus Democrat
boundaries I me Donald Trump was a guy
who actually back in 2016 changed even
the Republicans party's posture towards
our war in Iraq and how we remember it
that it was a mistake and that's a view
I happen to share so he's a guy who has
already put pressure on those
traditional partisan boundaries he cares
about National
Unity tell the people how much you do
care about it that alone I think will
have a hugely positive impact in
reuniting this country and if you listen
to the messaging in recent months I
think he's done a great job of going in
that direction success will be our
Vengeance we're going to have our
Vengeance he said this in recent months
multiple times and and you know I'm
grateful for the ability to spend more
time with President Trump after I
dropped out of the race in January but
listen to a lot of his lot lot of his
messages in recent months I think it's
an inspiring message you know what's gon
to be our Vengeance success will be our
Vengeance he didn't say that in 2016
he's saying that today yes he didn't say
that during his presidency he's saying
that today you that one's going to be
easy to misread though and so my thing
is so but even if I give you a couple
other examples even in recent weeks of
showing up in the Bronx right that's not
a place where traditional Republican
presidential candidates go I went to the
south side of Chicago in Kensington
during my presidential campaign I called
in the entire other Republican Party in
the Republican field on the debate stage
to do the same thing none of them did
none of them talked to oppositional
media none of them talked to actual
communities and and that would disagree
with them there were people in the south
side of Chicago somebody asked me a
question she disagreed with me about
racial reparations she turned around
walked straight out people were booing
me in my face until we got to Common
Ground issues like sealing the Border
protecting people in that Community not
forking over more money to Ukraine and
other Foreign Wars that could be better
utilized in the United States and we
actually found Common Ground the only
Republican who actually stepped up now
and has done that at an even larger
scale is Donald Trump going to the South
Bronx he and I were the only Republican
candidates who just spoke at the
libertarian convention think about that
President Biden was invited he didn't
show up but these are people who are a
separate third party it's on the ballot
in every state there's Libertarians
across the this country some lean left
or right on conventional terms but it's
a different party to show up at the
convention of a different political
party and to deliver a speech so I think
many Republicans failed this test
abysmally Donald Trump in 2016 did it
and I think it's a great strategy I
tried to do it in my campaign as well
show up on the other side's Turf go to
leftwing Media you may not agree with
them but demonstrate that you care about
open dialogue by practicing what you
preach and so I think he has actually
gone in that direction admirably and I
do think that Joe Biden he ran on the
promise of uniting the
country if he had kept that promise we
wouldn't be where we are so I care
deeply about National Unity yeah I mean
look you've got other issues I think
with Joe Biden in terms of just
cognitive decline that that one is scary
are they gonna swap him out at the last
minute I kind of hope so because anyway
I think I think it's likely just to stay
on Trump for a second so uh I love that
he's going into the Bronx that's amazing
though I think he knows he's indexing
well there um I think it's amazing that
he's going to Libertarians but there's
also if Libertarians are going to break
my guess is that they would break right
so again just take a look at the do you
watch the video footage there I haven't
let's assume that it's amazing was
hostile I mean I'm saying I'm saying
you're you've got a president of the
United States where people are actively
jeering and booing and he's still there
talking to them and gives another 20-
minute speech while Biden was invited to
the same place and showed up I went
there too and an audience was invited
and didn't show up bid was invited and
didn't show up in his City it's in
Washington DC less than a mile from
where Biden sits president Trump and I
each flew in and gave speeches to an
audience that did not agree with 100% of
what we said yep I did a I did actually
a debate with their Vice Presidential
nominee moderated by not a neutral party
but by a Libertarian party figure or
libertarian party I the guy who is
idolized by that party Dave Smith
moderated it and he's a great guy but
even most people agree with the
moderator and the guy debating me on
some of the issues more than they do
with me but that's part of what
leadership is about is if you're running
to lead a nation show up and Lead that
whole nation I love all of that so the
thing think it's important agreed the
thing I'm getting to though is the there
to your earlier point that these lines
are breaking actually in a unique way in
terms of it isn't just class yeah so the
the group of people that I think are
just disproportionately influential that
Trump has got to find a way to unite
otherwise this just ends up being a a
blood B oh God I can't believe I even
said that smart that smart oh Jesus not
what I meant at all for the love of God
but what I'm saying is there's there's
going to be this Collision of the elites
especially in media just going on about
um that he he represents a an
existential threat to democracy itself
and and those Elites and media are so
disconnected with where most Americans
regard
yeah but I think that's going to be an
impossible Tas I agree but is it
impossible because of his personality I
think it's impossible because of the rod
of those institutions I mean this has to
do with me take doing what I'm doing at
BuzzFeed doing it looking at actually
broken media institutions the people who
run those institutions have a vested
interest in National
division that you use the word bloodbath
I mean just take it actually what Trump
referred to was a bloodbath in the Auto
industry and yet they extrapolated that
line to try to convince Americans
M from the New York toin Americans that
he was talking a blath of Americans here
it was just an I mean from JY Smet to
covid origin to the Gretchen Whitmer
kidnapping plot to you could go straight
down the list the Nashville transgender
shooter Manifesto the hunter Biden
laptop story The Covington Catholic KS
you go straight down the list these
media failures have intentionally try to
lie and divide the American people and
so are we going to cater to the very
people who have perpetrated that
Division and have benefited from it are
you ever going to win them over I think
that's an impossibility but should we
win over the actual American people
directly who they've been lying to
absolutely regardless of whether they
are democrat or republican one of the
things that I think we in the Republican
Party need to do a better job of saying
and I'll state it I'll say it right now
and I'll say continue to say to any
audience who will listen I don't care if
you're a Democrat or far-left
Progressive it doesn't matter you can
disagree with me on what I have to say
but I will fight to the death for your
right to say it because that's who we
are as Americans that's part of what
unites us I don't hear that from the
other side and that's fine cuz I'm not
asking for reciprocity I'm ask I'm I'm
demanding of us leadership of where
we're actually going that's what's going
to be required to save the country and
so are you going to win over would it be
a lot easier if the corporate media
didn't behave the way that it did of
course that's why I hold them
responsible and think we need to change
it while you were campaigning you did
something very smart which is I want the
hard question I want the point of
collision and you would take that head
on and so I want to take some of your
behavior and say this is I think what
has to be done uh for Trump if he wants
to actually unite the country and that
would be you gave a guy a microphone
said I'm going to let you talk for 60
second he came there to Jer and try to
shut down your event I'm going to give
you the microphone say what you want to
say for 60 seconds I'm going to be
respectful to you you be respectful back
to me and that's one way to do it uh
you've talked about how Okay the whole
setup of all this brought out the
fighter and me and in the second all
people saw was a fighter and if I had to
do it over again I would very much show
a more well-rounded side of me what I
think people see with Trump and
rightfully so is that you have a guy who
either relishes the fight and just isn't
bothered and so he leans into it and
that is sort of in and of itself
divisive and like saying that um the our
our revenge is going to be success I I
actually really get the phrase however
it's still leveraging this idea of
Revenge so when he says success are are
we talking about and now we're going to
go political lawfare them to death like
now I'm going to sue all of them and
haaha like I think I think we mean joint
success and prosperity as a nation and
putting the politics of Retribution
through the justice system to the past
where it belongs now him saying
something like that would be
unbelievable and then the the cigra the
one that matters more than anything is
what's going to be his rhetoric around
the election and if I lose did I lose
fair and square and this is one and
people are going to light me up for this
but if actually trying to unify the
country was my shtick I would be like I
here here are the seven things whatever
the 42 things I don't know but here are
all the things that I think lead to
Shenanigans around using your word
around elections that that really must
be cleaned up otherwise it we just
democracy's on Shaky Ground however no
matter what I'm going to abide by
however this plays out and I just want
everybody to know upfront that's how
this is going to
be that I I don't think constitutionally
he's capable of it but that kind of
thing like now man you you want to talk
about laying down the what is it that
the dove brings you the Olive Branch the
Olive Branch uh that just feels like a
needed thing so here's what I will tell
you there's a couple things I'll say in
response one is let just address the
election point I think one way to unite
the country on this issue is to demand
something of everybody across the board
which is Puerto Rico which is a US
Territory and actually participates in
the primary process they have people in
Congress who don't have a vote on the
floor but do have a vote in committee so
it's part of the process integrated in
the United States the way they run their
elections is single day voting on
Election Day they make it a actual
holiday a workday holiday so everybody
can participate if you you have paper
ballots if you have not voted one year
then you have to re-register to get on
so that way you don't have other people
on the voter role that shouldn't be they
even have you stick your finger in a die
invisible die like you do at an
amusement park such that they don't have
people showing up at multiple polling
locations to vote if Puerto Rico can do
that and they have high confidence in
their election results as a result if
Puerto Rico can do that we can do that
across this country and by the way by
let's talk about National Unity we don't
take any minutes of a day let alone a
full day anymore to just pause and think
about here's what it means to be
American now Memorial Day is one of
those days we just passed the Memorial
Day holiday one of the most meaningful
things I did was we joined a community
here in Ohio for about an hour and a
half from where I live for doing the
full murf honoring a great patriot who
sacrificed his life for this country but
by doing a workout that brought us
together in common purpose in pursuit of
excellence in pursuit of feeling good
not only about ourselves but about our
country that's a small example imagine
if we turned election day into that
every year to say that this is the day
where we celebrate that you get to
express yourself at The Ballot Box where
every Citizen's voice and vote counts
equally and that you take a day off work
to commemorate that act and it's not
just taking a day off and asking you to
reflect on it you have a civic duty that
you're actually expressing that by the
end of that night or the next morning
you will know who you elected because
you participated in it that's a thing
that brings the country together too so
here would be my commitment I think it's
a great commitment for Republicans to
embrace is here's the deal we're doing
to move the country forward on this
issue let's do it the way Puerto Rico
does in the rest of the United States by
the way I think our friends in Puerto
Rico would appreciate saying it this way
single day voting on Election Day as a
national holiday with paper ballots
government issued ID to match the voter
file and I would go so far as to say
English is the sole language that
appears on a ballot but even if you take
that last one off do the other five
things if we get to that place as a
country then
we and hopefully all parties but the
Republican Party included are done fully
done complaining about election security
or contested election results we're done
we're moving forward as a country that's
a commitment we're all making to each
other is it controversial to have single
day voting on Election Day as a national
holiday with paper ballots and
government issued ID I don't think it
should be controversial I think most
people on the left if you ask them on a
given day is that a reasonable way to
conduct elections they'd say yes for the
same reason Puerto Rico actually does it
that way today as part of the US system
I think that's the stuff of uniting a
country which is on one hand delivering
substance that everybody on first
principles should agree with yet on the
back of that making a commitment to say
that I don't care what the other side is
going to do my side isn't going to
complain about those results going
forward I think it's a great way to go
now we have a chicken and egg problem to
get there right because the current
election is not going to be conducted
that way you have to have decisive
victories in that election to be able to
create that system so then there's the
question question of what leaders leader
or combination of leaders get us there
if you go to the stuff of the Old
Testament right there's a time for David
there's a time for Solomon right not
every leader has the attributes of the
other but there's a time in place for
every kind of leader and the beauty of
our system is we the people get to
decide who that leader is for this
moment and the primary electorate the
Republican primary base was clear like
not somewhat clear as crystal clear as
they've ever been probably in the
history of running a Republican primary
that the time and place is for the
commanderin-chief who's going to lead us
to victory in what feels like a wartime
moment in the country but that's going
to take action and repeatability not
just promises we want to go with the
time tested tried and true but the
beauty is it's also going to be people
it's not one president that just leads
the country it's going to be a whole
team that brings out the best of that
leadership and so every one of us is
going to have that role to play and so
I'm not one of these people that's going
going to wish for Donald Trump to be a
different version different person than
he is no I want him to be the best
version of himself and then it's up to
me and it's up to you for each of us to
look our own selves in the mirror and
say what role are we going to play in
each driving that National Unity That We
crave and what I will say is I see this
in Donald Trump right now he cares about
it internally he does and my only advice
to him would be say it say what's in
your heart because then the people of
this country can see that you really do
care about National unity and I know he
does and I think that that will be the
right Next Step to reuniting this
country now my hope is it's not just the
next four years for this country we have
another 250 years and then some left to
go and there was a time for David
there's a time for Solomon there's a
time for Trump there'll be a time for
the future but for the next four years
you asked me all this was the product of
why I threw my support bying president
Trump after I ran in the race and you
know volunteered to get out of the race
after the Iowa caucus I'm proud that I
ran a race where nobody knew who I was a
year ago and you know outpaced many
former vice presidents and governors and
senators and people have been in
politics for a long time I'm proud of
what we accomplished but at the point it
became clear that I wasn't going to be
the next president why did I throw my
support behind Donald Trump because I
think he will be the Right leader for
this moment in a moment where he's tried
and true he's delivered results and the
country's hungry for those same results
and I think he is going to have an even
more successful second term than his
first because coming in as an outsider
one of the things I'm sympathetic to
even running a campaign as an outsider
is there's a million things I would do
differently not having been in this
world I think the same thing applied to
Donald Trump in his own first four years
in office he'd tell you the same thing
of things that had he known what he
knows he would have even been in a
position to go even further than he did
in implementing an actual unifying
America First Division and so that's
what you know in whatever way I can I
want to help him not only succeed but to
help him lead and reunite this country
in that second term and I think that is
the best bet this country has for
actually getting there